README.md, before:

# zsh-uv-env

zsh-uv-env is a plugin for zsh and uv. It automatically activates a virtual environment
based on the current directory.

# Installation with oh-my-zsh

1. Clone this repository into `$ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins` (by default
   `~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins`)

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/matthiasha/zsh-uv-env ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-uv-env
   ```

2. Add the plugin to the list of plugins for Oh My Zsh to load (inside `~/.zshrc`):

   ```sh
   plugins=(
     ...
     zsh-uv-env
   )
   ```

3. Start a new terminal session.

# How It Works

The plugin automatically detects and activates Python virtual environments (.venv
directories) as you navigate through your filesystem. When you leave a directory with an
active virtual environment, it automatically deactivates it.

## Post-Hooks

This plugin supports post-hooks that allow you to execute custom commands after a
virtual environment is activated or deactivated.

### Adding Post-Hooks

You can add post-hooks in your .zshrc file:

```bash
# Define hook functions
_venv_post_hook() {
    v cd
    v venv
}

_venv_post_hook_deactivate() {
    v cd
    v reset_venv
}

# Register the hooks
zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_activate '_venv_post_hook'
zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_deactivate '_venv_post_hook_deactivate'
```

Then call this function in your .zshrc.

#### Available Hook Functions

    zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_activate: Register a function to run after a virtual environment is activated

    zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_deactivate: Register a function to run after a virtual environment is deactivated

Commit message:

Fix indentation and update README
- Fix indentation to use consistent 4-space style throughout the file
- Update README to document support for both .venv and venv directories
- Add priority order explanation in documentation

README.md, after:

# zsh-uv-env

zsh-uv-env is a plugin for zsh and uv. It automatically activates a virtual environment
based on the current directory.

# Installation with oh-my-zsh

1. Clone this repository into `$ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins` (by default
   `~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins`)

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/matthiasha/zsh-uv-env ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-uv-env
   ```

2. Add the plugin to the list of plugins for Oh My Zsh to load (inside `~/.zshrc`):

   ```sh
   plugins=(
     ...
     zsh-uv-env
   )
   ```

3. Start a new terminal session.

# How It Works

The plugin automatically detects and activates Python virtual environments (.venv
or venv directories) as you navigate through your filesystem. When you leave a directory with an
active virtual environment, it automatically deactivates it.

The plugin searches for virtual environments in the following order of priority:
1. `.venv` directory (uv default)
2. `venv` directory (alternative convention)

## Post-Hooks

This plugin supports post-hooks that allow you to execute custom commands after a
virtual environment is activated or deactivated.

### Adding Post-Hooks

You can add post-hooks in your .zshrc file:

```bash
# Define hook functions
_venv_post_hook() {
    v cd
    v venv
}

_venv_post_hook_deactivate() {
    v cd
    v reset_venv
}

# Register the hooks
zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_activate '_venv_post_hook'
zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_deactivate '_venv_post_hook_deactivate'
```

Then call this function in your .zshrc.

#### Available Hook Functions

    zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_activate: Register a function to run after a virtual environment is activated

    zsh_uv_add_post_hook_on_deactivate: Register a function to run after a virtual environment is deactivated
